Release Akka 2.6.10 (#750)
akka/akka.io: blog/_posts/2020-10-09-akka-2.6.10-released.md

* Use correct `heartbeat-interval` for cross-dc failure detection, [#29614](https://github.com/akka/akka/issues/29614)

2.6.10 includes 53 closed issues. The complete list can be found on the [2.6.10 milestone](https://github.com/akka/akka/milestone/170?closed=1) on github.

## Sharding improvements

Akka 2.6.10 includes several improvements of Cluster Sharding for better rolling updates and a new faster rebalance algorithm.

To make rolling updates as smooth as possible there is a configuration property that defines the version of the application. This is used by rolling update features to distinguish between old and new nodes, and avoid allocation to old nodes during a rolling update. See the [documentation for how to enable this feature](https://doc.akka.io/docs/akka/2.6/additional/rolling-updates.html#cluster-sharding).

There is also a new [health check for Cluster Sharding](https://doc.akka.io/docs/akka/2.6/typed/cluster-sharding.html#health-check) that you can enable when you don’t want to receive production traffic until the local shard region is ready to retrieve locations for shards.

> The new rebalance alogorithm can reach optimal balance in a few rebalance rounds (typically 1 or 2 rounds). You can still configure limits of how many shards to move in each round. Compared to the old algorithm that would only move one shard in each round (every 10 seconds). The new algorithm is recommended and will become the default in future versions of Akka, but currently you have to [enable it explicitly as described in the documenation](https://doc.akka.io/docs/akka/2.6/typed/cluster-sharding.html#shard-allocation).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The new rebalance algorithm can reach optimal balance in a few rebalance rounds (typically 1 or 2 rounds). You can still configure limits of how many shards to move in each round. Compared to the old algorithm that would only move one shard in each round (every 10 seconds). The new algorithm is recommended and will become the default in future versions of Akka, but currently you have to [enable it explicitly as described in the documenation](https://doc.akka.io/docs/akka/2.6/typed/cluster-sharding.html#shard-allocation).
```

> The new rebalance alogorithm can reach optimal balance in a few rebalance rounds (typically 1 or 2 rounds). You can still configure limits of how many shards to move in each round. Compared to the old algorithm that would only move one shard in each round (every 10 seconds). The new algorithm is recommended and will become the default in future versions of Akka, but currently you have to [enable it explicitly as described in the documenation](https://doc.akka.io/docs/akka/2.6/typed/cluster-sharding.html#shard-allocation).

Reviewer 2: Another typo ;)

```suggestion
The new rebalance algorithm can reach optimal balance in a few rebalance rounds (typically 1 or 2 rounds). You can still configure limits of how many shards to move in each round. Compared to the old algorithm that would only move one shard in each round (every 10 seconds). The new algorithm is recommended and will become the default in future versions of Akka, but currently you have to [enable it explicitly as described in the documentation](https://doc.akka.io/docs/akka/2.6/typed/cluster-sharding.html#shard-allocation).
```
